c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\NJBogdan.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\NJBogdan.pdb
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\njbogdan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NJBogdan\NJBogdan.Azure\obj\Debug\NJBogdan\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
